Fixes #1824: apoc.nodes.link if not exists (#44)
vga91/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/partials/usage/apoc.nodes.link.adoc

RETURN count(*);
----

image::linked-list-events.svg[scaledwidth="100%"]

Moreover we can checking for relationship existence using the `{avoidDuplicates: true}` configuration.
That is, calling the previous query twice, 2 relations of type "NEXT" will be created between the nodes.

> Instead, with CALL apoc.nodes.link(events, "NEXT", {avoidDuplicates: true}) only one relationship of type "NEXT" will remain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can check for relationship existence using the `{avoidDuplicates: true}` configuration; calling the previous query twice, 2 relations of type "NEXT" will be created between the nodes, instead, by executing `CALL apoc.nodes.link(events, "NEXT", {avoidDuplicates: true})` only one relationship of type "NEXT" will be created.
```
